So this lecture is on driver comments.
So Java comments are useful to explain what your code is doing.
They can help make your code more readable.
They can help others to pick up and understand your code.
Some codes might remain unvisited for years.
So it's important to explain its purpose.
Comments should be brief, but contain useful and direct information.
So in Java we have two different types of comments.
We have single line comments and we have comment blocks, single line comments.
Start with two forward slashes.
They are useful to explain a line of code and they're quick and easy to write, whereas comment blocks
are multi-line comments and they start with a forward slash and matrix and they end with an extra export
slash.
Any text within these symbols will be ignored and are useful when needed to write a block of code to
explain a class.
So let's take a look at the two different types of comments.
So I already had the clips open and I'm simply going to copy and paste the class in the last lecture,
but I'm going to call this 1l04 for lecture four and I'm going to give it a name of comments like so.
So if I double click and open that class, you'll see that we've got a hello world from the last lecture.
So I'm going to keep this here.
But all I'm going to do is add to forward slashes and.
Right.
This is a single line comment.
So these line comments are really useful just to explain what the code below is doing.
Whereas if we wanted to write more comments such as a comment blog, then we'd use a forward slash in
Asterix and in Eclipse.
If you press enter, you'll see that it'll create another two lines.
So anything in between this here and before this last one will be a comment.
So I can like this is a comment and if I wanted to add another line or simply press ends on my keyboard.
An Occupy block, for example.
So the key thing is single line comments are good to explain very briefly what the line of code might
be doing, where the comment block is more useful to explain or give more context to what you're trying
to do within the code.
So you'll find that common blocks are useful or usually found at the beginning of a class to explain
what the class is doing.
So that's it for this lecture.
Let's move on.